[docs] Instructions and documents related to CDC [#9379] (#1)
vaibhav-yb/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/cdc/cdc_documentation_v1.md

# CDC Documentation

### What is CDC?

>   Change Data Capture (CDC) is a mechanism/tool to stream changes in a database, these changes can then be used by external applications in order to perform analytics or other operations. <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Change Data Capture (CDC) is a process to capture changes made to data in the database and stream those changes to external processes, applications or other databases.<br/>
```

 The core primitive of CDC is the ‘stream’. Streams can be enabled/disabled on databases. Every change to a watched database table is emitted as a record in a configurable format to a configurable sink. Streams scale to any YugabyteDB cluster independent of its size and are designed to impact production traffic as little as possible.

> ### Use cases

Reviewer: instead of having a bullet and explanation for each of these we should have a para with comma separated list like:
"...triggering alerts and notifications in IoT use case, sending real tim updates to analytics pipeline and applications, auditing and compiance,....".

  * **CQRS model updates**: A financial application modifies stock market data in a YugabyteDB table. Different applications running in parallel track these changes in real time, compute value-at-risk, and automatically rebalance portfolios based on stock price movements.
  * A new customer adds data to a YugabyteDB table. This event invokes another application that sends a welcome email to the new customer.
Data replication: CDC can be used for data replication to multiple databases, data lakes, or data warehouses, to ensure each resource has the latest version of the data. 
  * **Auditing and compliance**: Facing today's strict data compliance requirements, and heavy penalties for noncompliance, it is essential to save a history of changes made to your data. 
  * **Cache invalidation**: CDC can be used for cache invalidation, to ensure outdated entries in a cache are replaced or removed in order to display the latest version of a web page.
  * **Full-text search**: CDC can be used to automatically keep a full-text search index in sync with the database.

### Process Architecture

### CDC Streams

>   CDC Streams will be a user’s point of contact for fetching the changes from a database. Streams can be enabled or disabled. Every change to a database table (for which the data is being streamed) is emitted as a record to the stream, to be then propagated further ahead, in our case to Debezium and then ultimately to Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streams are the YugabyteDB endpoints for fetching DB changes by applications, processes and systems. Streams can be enabled or disabled [on a per table basis]. Every change to a database table (for which the data is being streamed) is emitted as a record to the stream, which is then propagated further for consumption by applications, in our case to Debezium and then ultimately to Kafka.
```
